Cape May
Drive to Broomall. S Tu will find S Morrison and grab keys (CCID 54), then drive to the NWRK 1st I apartment. They’re good to go! S Stolle will give keys (CCID 36) to E Barber. Find S Orr and work in Pennypack until the trainer meeting on Thursday. After the meeting grab keys (CCID 36) from E Barber. They’re good to go! 

Moorestown S/P
Drive to Broomall. H Shurtz will find the departing group and is good to go! H Minch will find H Sanchez and S Burgess. They’re good to go!

Linwood EN
Drive to the Moorestown S/P apartment. Wait for S Burgess to arrive. They’re good to go! 

Bridgeton SP
Drive to the Logan chapel. E Manuokafoa will give keys (CCID 53) to E Glover. E Manuokafoa will work with E SMAnderson until the trainer meeting on Thursday. Afterwards E Manuokafoa will grab keys (CCID 53) from E Barber. They’re good to go! E Wood will find E Whitehead. They’re good to go! 

Pennsauken
Drive to Broomall. E Endicott will find E Leavitt, and help take Camden's luggage. They’re good to go! E Rogers will find E Ellison and grab keys (CCID 93) from E Barber. They’re good to go! 

Cherry Hill
Wait for new comps to arrive. They’re good to go! 

Camden I
Drive to Broomall. E Jeppsen will find E Manning, E Glover, and E McQuivey. They’re good to go! E Egbert will find E Garff. They’re good to go! E AAnderson will find E Hillam and E Pratt. They will drive in (CCID 84). They will drop off E Pratt in Reading. They’re good to go! 

Medford
Drive to the Logan chapel. E Ellison and E Hansen will pick up E Swenson and drive to Broomall. E Ellison will find E Rogers. They will drive CCID 93. They are good to go! E Hansen will find E Khonle and E Nelson. E Hansen will drop E Nelson off at the Logan Chapel. They are good to go! 

Woodstown
Wait for Vineland to arrive. E Crusan and E Andrus will drive (CCID 63) to Broomall and give the keys to E Barber. E Crusan will find E Brokaw E Smith E E Houssian. Drop off E Crusan at the Milford apartment first. Then drop off E Houssian at the Allentown Sp 1st apartment. They are good to go! E Anderson will wait with E Decker until E Searle arrives. They are good to go! 

Vineland
Drive to Woodstown Monday Night. E Andrus and E Crusan will drive (CCID 63) to Broomall and the give the keys to E Barber. E Andrus will find E Lay. They are good to go! E Decker will wait with E Anderson until E Moreland arrives. They are good to go! 