Sewell 
Wait for S Vea and S DeGraffenried to arrive. S Smith will drive with S Vea to Broomall and give E Barber keys for CCID 28. S Smith will find S Quinney and S Roberts. They’re good to go! S Lee will work with S DeGraffenried until the trainer meeting on Thursday. Once she has her trainee, they’re good to go!

Linwood 
Drive to Sewell apartment. S Vea will drive with S Smith to Broomall and give keys for CCID 28 to E Barber. S Vea will find the departing group, they’re good to go! S DeGraffenried will work with S Lee in Sewell until the trainer meeting on Thursday. Once she has her trainee she will grab keys for CCID 28. They’re good to go!

Landis SP 
Drive straight to Broomall. H Anderson will find the departing group, she’s good to go! H Simpson will find H Pectol and S Zillale. They will drop S Zillale off at Independence III’s apartment. H Simpson and H Pectol are good to go! 

Cape May
Drive straight to P12 Apartment. Drop off S Oviatt with VFG STLs at the airport. Then drive straight to Broomall and wait for S Stolle to arrive. Once she does, drop off VFG STLs at their apartment. You’re good to go!

Elders
CAMDEN SP I 
Wait for Linwood to arrive. E Larsen will drive with E Vasquez to Broomall (in CCID 5). They will give keys to E Barber, E Vasquez will find the departing group, he’s good to go! E Jeppsen and E Edwards will stay together until E Anderson arrives. Once he does, they’re good to go! 

CHL II
Drive straight to Broomall. E Bennett will give keys to E Barber (CCID 27). E Bennett will find E A. Anderson and E Downing. They will grab keys (CCID 5) from E Barber and drop E Downing off at Chestnut. Then drive straight to Camden to work with E Edwards until the trainer meeting. E Benjamin Smith will find E Castillo and E Moen. He will be dropped off at Wyomissing apt. He will find E McLeavy, they’re good to go! 

LINWOOD SP
Drive to Camden SP 1 apartment. E Larsen will find E Vasquez, they will drive straight to Broomall in (CCID 5.) They will give keys to E Barber. E Larsen will find E Houssain, they’re good to go! E Edwards will be with E Bennett until the trainer meeting. After the trainer meeting E Edwards is good to go!   

Moorestown I
Drive to Philly YSA apartment. E Crane will wait with E Carter until Thursday. They’re good to go! E C Swenson will drive with E Waite to Broomall in (CCID 96.) They will give the keys to E Barber. E C Swenson will find E Monroe and they will drive to Lehighton, and they are good to go!

Pennsauken II
Wait for Medford to arrive. E Ellison will find E Hansen, they’re good to! E Eteaki, E Horne, and E Brown will drive to Broomall in (CCID 26.) E Eteaki will give house keys to the Breinholts and car keys to E Barber. He will find E Hillam, E Carpenter, and E Coppin, and get dropped off. They’re good to go!

Pennsauken I 
E Rogers will stay with E Jeppsen until E Endicott arrives. E Horne will drive with E Eteaki and E Brown to Broomall in CCID 26. He will find E Rausch, they’re good to go!   

Cherry Hill I
Drive to Broomall. E Harkness will find E Knapp they’re good to go! E Everitt will find E Froerer and E Endicott. They will drop off E Endicott in Pennsauken, then are good to go!

Camden Sp II
Drive Straight to Broomall. They will give keys (CCID 62) to E Barber. E Turner will find the departing group. He’s good to go! E Fisher will find E Rencher, they will find E Kester and Schlerf, they will be dropped off at their Apartment. E Fisher is good to go! E Hilton will find E Bigler, they will grab house keys and church keys from The Breinholts. He’s good to go! 

Medford
Drive Straight to Pennsauken. E Brown will find E Horne and E ‘Eteaki. They will drive straight to Broomall in (CCID 26). E Brown will find the departing group. He is good to go! E Ellison will find E Hansen, he’s good to go!  

Moorestown II
E Weidauer and E Johnson will drive to Broomall. They will turn the keys (CCID 110) into E Barber. E Weidauer will find E Pickell and they’re good to go! E Johnson is going to ride with E Jacobsen down to E Cox, and they’re good to go!