Pennypack
Drive to Broomall. S Hill will find S Ransom and S Salmon and grab car keys (CCID 11) and house and church keys from the Breinholts. They’re good to go! S Orr will find S Stolle and work in Pennypack until the trainer meeting on Thursday. They’re good to go! 

Doylestown
Drive to Broomall. S Ransom will find S Salmon and S Hill and grab car keys (CCID 11) and house and church keys from the Breinholts. They’re good to go! S Kimmons will find S Tippets. They will work in Doylestown until the trainer meeting on Thursday. Afterwards S Kimmons and trainee are good to go!

Independence III
Drive to Broomall. S Dixon will find S Billingsley and grab keys (CCID 13) from E Barber. They’re good to go! S Boyer will find S ESmith and S Willie. They’re good to go! 

Mayfair S/P
Drive to Broomall. H Sanchez will find H Minch, S Burgess. They’re good to go! H Forsgren will find H Waite and they’re good to go! 

Independence II
Wait for Bayview to arrive. E Stoddard will work with E Hatch until the trainer meeting on Thursday. Afterwards they’re good to go! E Newey will drive (CCID 87) with E Neilson to Broomall.Then give the keys to E Barber. E Newey will find E Cox and grab keys (CCID 72) from E Barber and head to Pottstown. They’re good to go!  

Logan I
Travel to the Logan building. E Vest will work with E Naylor until the trainer meeting on Thursday. Afterwards they’re good to go! E Willingham will drive (CCID 89) with E Leavitt and E Armstrong to Broomall. E Willingham will find E Ralphs and grab keys (CCID 79) from E Barber. They’re good to go! 

Tioga II
Travel to the Logan building. E SMAnderson will work with E Manuokafoa until the trainer meeting on Thursday. Afterwards they’re good to go! E Manning will drive (CCID 53) E Glover and E Wolfe to Broomall and give the keys to E Barber. E Manning will find E Glover, E Jeppsen, and E McQuivey. They’re good to go! 

Independence I 
Wait for Jarrettown to arrive. They will drive to the Chestnut building. E Udall will find E Burrup and they are good to go! E Ralphs will drive with E Conrad to Broomall. E Ralphs will find E Willingham and grab keys (CCID 79). They are good to go! 

Logan II 
Travel to the Logan building. E Turay will wait until E Nelson arrives. E Leavitt will drive with E Willingham and E Armstrong in CCID 89 to Broomall. E Leavitt will find E Endicott and give keys (CCID 89) to E Barber. They’re good to go! 

Tioga I 
Travel to the Logan building. E Whitehead will find E Wood and is good to go! E Glover will drive with E Manning and E Wolfe in CCID 53 to Broomall. E Glover will give keys (CCID 53) to E Barber, and find E McQuivey, E Jeppsen, and E Manning. They’re good to go! 

Tioga III 
Travel to the Logan building. E Swenson will drive with E Ellison and E Hansen to Broomall. E Swenson will find E Waite and grab keys (CCID 16) from E Barber and house keys from E Breinholt. They’re good to go! E Wolfe will drive with E Glover and E Manning to Broomall. E Wolfe will find E Knapp. They will drive in CCID 59. They’re good to go! 

Jarrettown 
Drive to Independence I apartment and pick up E Udall and E Ralphs. Drive to Chestnut building. E Poulson will find E Downing and they are good to go! E Conrad will drive with E Ralphs to Broomall. E Conrad will find E Coppin and E McAleavy. They will drop off E McAleavy at Chestnut. They are good to go! 
New
