INDY III
Wait for S Zillale to be dropped off by Landis SP. Once she arrives you’re good to go! 

Pennypack I
Move to the Mayfair apartment before 9am. They’re good to go!

Pennypack II (remember house keys)
Get house keys from Pennypack 1. Drive straight to Broomall (in CCID 3) and give both sets of house keys to The Breinholts, give car keys to E Barber. S Daley and S Wallentine will find S Willie and S Robertson, they will drop off S Willie at SCR II They’re good to go! 

Mayfair II (remember house keys) 
Drive straight to Broomall. Give keys to E Barber (CCID 18). H Pectol will find H Simpson and S Zilalle, they will drop her off at INDY III. They’re good to go! H Wilson will grab keys for CCID 67 and find S Lines. They will drive to the WIL 3rd SP II apartment. They’re good to go!

Independence II
Wait for E Stoddard and E Allen to arrive. E Newey and E Stoddard are good to go! E Walker and E Allen are good to go!

Logan I
E Willingham waits with E Seale for E Vest. They’re good to go! E Hoagland drives to Broomall with E Jacobsen and finds the departing group! 

Logan HAI
E Seale waits with E Willingham for E Parker. They’re good to go! E Jacobsen drives to Broomall with E Hoagland and gives the keys to E Barber (CCID 113). E Jacobsen will find E Johnson and drive (CCID 40) down to DOV/Cam apartment and are good to go!

Morrisville
E Ford and E Kester will drive to Broomall. E Ford will find the departing group, and he’s good to go! E Kester will find E Schlerf, E Rencher and E Fisher. They will drop off E Fisher and E Rencher off at their apartment, and then E Kester and E Schlerf are good to go!

Tioga I
E Glover will wait for E Whitehead to arrive. They’re good to go! E Anderson will move in with E Manning and they’re good to go!

Tioga II
Wait for S Philly Eng. E Manning and E Anderson are good to go! E Moen will wait for E Whitehead and Whiting to arrive, then take the truck (CCID 118) with E Castillo and E Bartunek to Broomall. E Moen will drive in (CCID 112) with E Castillo and E Ben Smith to the Wyomissing apartment and drop off E Smith. Then will drive to the Reading 3rd apartment. They’re good to go!

Tioga III
E Wolfe will wait with E Glover for E S Swenson. They’re good to go! E Castillo will wait for E Whitehead and Whiting to arrive, then take the truck (CCID 118) with E Moen and E Bartunek to Broomall. E Moen will drive in (CCID 112) with E Castillo and E Ben Smith to the Wyomissing apartment and drop off E Smith. Then will drive to the Reading 3rd apartment. They’re good to go!