Bethlehem 
Drive to Broomall. S ESmith will find S Boyer and S Willie. They’re good to go! S Tippets will give keys (CCID 42) to E Barber, and find S Kimmons. They will work in Doylestown until the trainer meeting on Thursday. Afterwards S Tippets and trainee will grab keys (CCID 42) from E Barber. They’re good to go! 

Exeter I
Wait for Stroudsburg SP to arrive. S Lewis and S Hedrick will wait for S Bullington to arrive. They’re good to go! S Wheeler will drive with H Casper and H Garn to Broomall. She will find the departing group and is good to go!

Milford 
Wait for E Crusan to arrive. They are good to go! 

Whitehall Echo 
Wait for Lehighton to arrive. E Ohlin will switch places with E Monroe. They are good to go! 

Pottstown 
Wait for Pottsville to arrive. E Domina and E Nelson will drive (CCID 72) to Broomall and give the keys to E Barber. E Domina will find E Armstrong and grab keys (CCID 7) from E Barber. They are good to go! E Stringham will wait with E Gasser until E Newey arrives. They are good to go! 

RDG I 
Wait for Reading II to arrive. E Draper and E McAleavy will drive (CCID 93) to Broomall and give the keys to E Barber. E Draper will find the departing group and is good to go! E Cannon will wait with E Smith until E Rogers arrives (CCID). They are good to go! 

RDG II 
Drive to Reading I apartment. E McAleavy and E Draper will drive (CCID 93) to Broomall and give the keys to E Barber. E McAleavy will find E Conrad and E Coppin and will get dropped off at the Chestnut building. He is good to go! E Smith will wait with E Cannon until E Ellison arrives. They are good to go! 

Pottsville 
Drive to Pottstown Monday night. E Nelson and E Domina will drive (CCID 72) to Broomall and give the keys to E Barber. E Nelson will find E Hansen and E Kohnle. E Nelson will be dropped off at the Logan building. They are good to go! E Gasser will wait with E Stringham until E Cox arrives. They are good to go! 

RDG 1st Haitian
Wait for E Pratt to arrive. They are good to go! 

Allentown Sp I 
Wait for Scranton I to arrive. E McQuivey will drive to Broomall with E Caskey and E Roberts in (CCID 82). E McQuivey will find E Glover, E Jeppsen, and E Manning. They are good to go! E Hoch will wait with E Pagnani and E Flint until E Houssian arrives. They are good to go! 