Susquehanna 
Work until the trainer meeting on Thursday. After the meeting they’re good to go!

Scranton II
Drive to the East/Nazareth apartment Monday night. S Reeves and S Powlus will wait with S Peterson until her comps arrive. They’re good to go! S Willie will drive with S Morrison to Broomall. S Willie will find S ESmith and S Boyer. They’re good to go!

East/Nazareth 
Wait for Scranton II to arrive. S Peterson will wait with S Reeves and S Powlus until S Dixon and S Billingsley arrive. They’re good to go! S Morrison will drive with S Willie to Broomall and give keys (CCID 13) to E Barber. S Morrison will find S Tu and grab keys (CCID 54) and drive to the NWRK 1st I apartment. They’re good to go! 

Stroudsburg SP
Drive to Exeter I Monday night. H Casper will drive with H Garn and S Wheeler to Broomall. H Garn will find the senior couples and is good to go! H Casper will find H Sessions and S Bullington. They will drop her off in Exeter. They’re good to go! 

Scranton I 
Drive to Hazleton Monday night. E Caskey and E Roberts will drive (CCID 82) to Allentown Spanish I and pick up E McQuivey. They will drive (CCID 82) to Broomall and give the keys to E Barber. E Caskey will find the departing group and is good to go! E Thirot will wait with E Black until E Smith arrives. They are good to go! 

Hazleton 
Wait for Scranton to arrive Monday night. E Roberts will drive (CCID 82) with E Caskey to Broomall. E Roberts will find E Jorgenson. They’re good to go! E Black will wait with E Thirot until E Brokaw arrives. They’re good to go! 

Stroudsburg 1
Drive to Broomall and give the keys to E Barber. E Galbraith will find E Neilson and grab keys (CCID 50) from E Barber. They’re good to go! E Thompson will find E Farr. They’re good to go! 

Lehighton
Drive to Whitehall Apartment. E Monroe will switch places with E Ohlin. They are good to go! 

Wilkes- Barre 
E Harkness will wait with E Young until E Hillam arrives. They are good to go! E Knapp will drive (CCID 84) to Broomall with E Waite and give the car keys to E Barber. E Knapp will find E Wolfe and drive to their area in CCID 59. They will drive to the Downington/West Chester apartment. They are good to go! 

SCR 2nd Sp 
E Young will wait with Elder Harkness until E AAnderson arrives. They are good to go! E Waite will drive with E Knapp to Broomall. E Waite will find E Swenson and grab keys (CCID 16). They are good to go! 